I'm convinced
Magic Johnson has approximately 73 teeth
in his mouth
people say LeBron flops have you ever
seen this little French woman named Tony
Parker Truman Wesley Matthews complains
about every file just go eat donuts on
the bench you fat six percent body fat
can we make a special call I hate Jail
enrolls because I hate Jail enrolled
Jimmy Butler looks so ugly bra looked
like a face you put on a totem pole bra
looking like a tiki mask bro
Jeremy Lin is worth probably a half jar
of mustard pickles you're worth a half
jar of mustard pickles
Reggie Miller can't dress for really
draymond green look like donkey from
Shrek Zach Randolph is not so much in
basketball shape rather he is a
basketball shape yes I just caught him
fat hashtag sports side Mark Jackson is
easily the most annoying voice on
television well then there's Jeff Van
Gundy yo Jeff Van Gundy a fool lol I is
Andrew Bogut is so ugly he might be the
infamous Bigfoot well guess we found him
imagine the damage Steph Curry would be
doing in the NBA if you didn't have such
a girlie name
hashtag change it to Steve
wasn't arab-american okay DeAndre Jordan
looks like that uncle in a cookout that
sticks his fork in your plate well I
think that sharing is caring so you Joey
flock
goodbye Blake Griffin you soft
ginger-haired colored Lindsay Lohan
freckled-faced two-headed take
guys home all caps huh and you
filling some lowercase next time
remember when Kobe Bryant used to dunk
and it wasn't a surprise every time he
dunks it's a big deal yeah I remember